Clarify ECS awsvpc support following customer feedback (#8983)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/amazon_ecs/_index.md

#### AWSVPC Mode

For Agent v6.10+, `awsvpc` mode is supported for applicative containers, provided that security groups are set to allow the host instances security group to reach the applicative containers on relevant ports.

> While it's possible to run the Agent in `awsvpc` mode, it's not the recommneded setup as it may be difficult to retrieve the ENI IP to reach the Agent for Dogstatsd metrics and APM traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it's possible to run the Agent in `awsvpc` mode, it's not the recommended setup, because it may be difficult to retrieve the ENI IP to reach the Agent for Dogstatsd metrics and APM traces.
```

> It's best to run the agent in bridge mode with port mapping to allow easy retrieval of [host IP through metadata server][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, run the Agent in bridge mode with port mapping to allow easier retrieval of [host IP through the metadata server][6]
```
